bpo-45995: add "z" format specifer to coerce negative 0 to zero (#30049)
python/cpython: Doc/library/string.rst

   +---------+----------------------------------------------------------+

.. index:: single: z; in string formatting

> The ``'z'`` option causes negative zero to be coerced to zero.  This

Reviewer: Can we expand this to make it clearer that this includes negative zeros arising from rounding non-zero values?

> option is only valid for float and complex types.

Reviewer: "type" is a bit ambiguous here. Can we use "presentation type" instead?  There aren't any official "complex" presentation types, so I'd suggest:

```suggestion
option is only valid for float presentation types.
```

Maybe the clearest way would be to specify the list of presentation types explicitly. I believe that's `"e/E"`, `"f/F"`, `"g/G"`, `"%"` and `"n"`.
